Here we go.
We've got a show called Killah Kuts, where
they do ideas too extreme for terrestrial TV. Killah Kuts.
This is basically... you know what this
is, right?
Isn't this basically all the Wednesday
Downtown staff? Pretty much, yeah.
You can't just let the Wednesday Downtown
staff loose on regular TV.
As long as they're still inside broadcast
TV, fine. You gotta keep them caged up.
The second you let them out, they do
whatever they want.
They go completely rogue.
Exactly.
So anyway, we haven't really been told the
details either, so...
Looks like the rules are here, so let's
read them.
Okay, "Virgin Werewolf" rules.
Eight men are about to come in here, and
out of those eight, only one has actually had sex,
while the other seven are total virgins,
not even with a pro.
Ohh.
However, those seven virgins will also act
like they're experienced,
and we'd like the two of you from Saraba
to sniff out which of them are lying.
So they're virgins, but pretending they're
experienced. What a nasty concept.
Feels like the kind of idea a guy came up
with the day after he lost his virginity. Total superiority complex.
A superiority-complex concept.
So each round, the two of you from Saraba
will each pick one man you think is a virgin,
and the rule is: the first one to pick the
experienced man, meaning the non-virgin, loses.
So...
Right.
No, no, no, no.
It's way too obvious.
Hey, hey, hey.
Oh, so there really is a pattern.
I get it now.
There's kind of an official virgin look,
isn't there? Not a single one of them looks stylish.
Isn't that...?
No, it's not.
We know that guy in the back, right?
Yeah.
He's a comedian, isn't he?
I've met him loads of times.
Kuritani-san.
Yeah.
Right.
You got called in for this too?
Yeah, I got called in.
But Kuritani did kind of enter the scene
branded as "the virgin guy." Yeah, at first.
That was basically his whole breakout
angle, right? He says it publicly.
Right.
But it's also been years since then.
Ah, so we just haven't heard about it
lately. Yeah, that's possible.
Yeah.
Kuritani really could still be a virgin.
Wait, hold on, there really is one
experienced guy here, right? There isn't.
Man, I feel bad for that bald guy if so.
Are you serious?
You've done it, right, Horita-kun?
Yes, I have.
You have, right?
Yes.
Ah.
This time, if you keep correctly
identifying the virgins all the way to the end,
only the winner gets paid for the show.
Wait, what does that mean?
Kuritani's here.
Right.
What kind of group is this?
Oh, they're comedians.
Wait, they're all comedians?
Comedians?
They're all comedians.
Oh, all of them are comedians.
All of them.
Oh, I see.
He might even be our senior.
If he's 39, he's around my age.
What year are you in, Horita-kun?
Third year.
Wait, what?
He's definitely a virgin. He totally got
into comedy to lose his virginity.
From here, the two from Saraba will try to
see through the virgins' lies in the Q&A,
while the non-virgin has been told not to
make things harder on purpose and only tell the truth.
All right, let's get started.
Bukuro, anything you want to ask first?
Well, first let's just have everyone
introduce themselves.
And with your intro, tell us how many
partners you've had. Ah, I see.
Right, right.
Okay, let's start with Sasaki-san.
Yes.
I'm 23, Sasaki Niimi.
My number is one.
Ohh.
Right, right.
"One" is the safe answer.
He could just be saying one so he doesn't
slip up. Next, Suzuki-kun.
Yes.
I'm 24, Gozen Niji Suzuki.
My number is one.
Hmm.
See, that's it. He absolutely doesn't want
to get caught. "One" could just be the safe answer.
Zero or one... if you say five or six,
it'd be too obvious.
All right then, Yokochi-kun.
Yokochi, 27.
My number is four.
Whoa!
Wow.
Yokochi, you gambled there.
Hard to read this guy.
Four?
Still, Yokochi seems sweet, like a
genuinely nice guy. Sort of.
Yeah, he seems like the kind of guy women
would feel safe around. Okay, next up...
Okay, next, Shiraishi-san. I'm 39,
Shiraishi 'Wanted to Be Loved by Everyone.'
He's definitely a virgin.
It's in his stage name.
My number is two.
Two?
Two.
Ahh, okay, got it.
True enough.
Two.
Okay, can we go to Ohnogi-kun?
Ohnogi.
I'm Ohnogi, 34.
Sorry.
Ah.
Yes, my number is one.
Thank you.
This is just a brothel waiting room.
They already look like guys about to lose
their virginity tonight.
But that means not even with a pro.
Right, exactly.
Right, right.
Ah.
Next is Ginmugi-kun?
I'm 29, solo comedian Ginmugi Yamma.
Hard to read him.
My number is seven.
You!
You're lying.
You little...
If you're lying, I'm gonna beat your ass.
You won't be able to go home tonight.
Still, I guess everyone's got a strategy.
No way it's seven.
Hey, if you lie, don't make it obvious.
You good?
Seven, and he's a solo comic?
Okay, Kuritani-san.
Yes.
Kuritani.
I'm 35.
My number is two.
Come on, man.
No, the thing with Kuritani is you really
can't tell. How long ago was it that you were still publicly saying you were a virgin?
Feels like he hasn't said it for the last
couple of years.
He used to get those bits where an AD
would set him up to confess to someone, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But maybe one of those actually worked
out, and...
...he ended up dating someone and actually
doing it.
Exactly. This guy just has a different
aura about him.
That's just him being used to variety TV.
Yeah.
He's been in dramas lately.
Shut up.
You.
Bet you're popular, huh?
Nope, definitely a virgin.
Virgins don't get cast in dramas.
True.
They don't.
Ah, okay.
This guy's annoying.
Last one.
Last one, Horita-kun.
I'm Horita Nyanko, 27.
Horita Nyanko.
Right.
My number is... 12.
All right, enough.
Enough already.
Hey.
That's a lie.
Hey, at what point did you decide to go
with 12? After hearing Ginmugi's seven?
No, 12.
No.
Twelve.
So you're the only one in double digits?
Yeah. I thought that might make it easier
to tell.
True, I guess.
Yeah.
I seriously can't tell. I can't even
believe there's an experienced guy in here.
And those are the numbers, as you can see.
Next, a question from Morita.
Now let's hear about their first time.
This should get specific.
Okay then, let's start with Sasaki-kun.
Okay.
Yeah, mine was in middle school...
Middle school?
Right, when I got a girlfriend...
What year, middle school?
I think I was in second year of middle
school. Ohh.
And the girl?
She was younger than me.
In eighth grade? You were in eighth grade
and she was younger?
Hey.
You're gonna get arrested.
Hey, you.
Get your story straight first.
Well, I was in eighth grade and she was in
seventh. We went on a date together.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Yeah, we went to karaoke on our date,
and...
We held hands, and then, well, it kind of
just happened.
What do you mean, "it just happened"?
How exactly did it go?
You're skipping way too much.
Give us some side dishes.
Where did this happen? Even a flat summary
needs more detail than that.
Where was it?
At Karaoke Kan, I guess.
Your first time was at Karaoke Kan? The
way you tell it, it's like a four-panel comic.
That's how simple your story is.
All right, enough.
So what happened at Karaoke Kan? Well, I
sang Yutaka Ozaki's "I Love You," and the mood got right...
At 23?
Yeah, the mood was right.
And then, well, she went down on me. Your
first time and she went down on you right away?
She did, and then, well, after that we
kissed. Wait, that came before the kiss?
Before the kiss? Huh? She went down on you
before you kissed?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So first she went down on you, and then?
Well, it was my first time.
I'd forgotten about the kissing.
Right, right, right. Then we kissed, did
some foreplay, and then had sex.
Specifically, what kind of foreplay?
Specifically... first I touched her
neck... The neck?
That's unusual.
You started with her neck?
Yeah.
I touched her neck, then her breasts, and
then...
...gradually started caressing her, you
know, down there.
Down there? Gradually... then I started
going down on her.
Oh, you ate her out in Karaoke Kan?
In Karaoke Kan?
Yeah.
At Karaoke Kan.
What position were you in? There was a
chair there, right? Well, so...
This guy's never gonna finish. We'll never
get through everyone at this rate.
If you want to tap out, just say tap out.
No, no, but really...
Okay, okay.
Just tell it exactly as it happened.
Right, yeah.
So that's just the one girl?
We'll stick with just that from here on.
Yes.
Okay, got it.
Next, Suzuki's first-time story.
Well, before I became a comedian, I was
working back home for a while.
And there was this office lady from the
same workplace. Oh?
How old were you then?
That was two years ago, so 22.
Oh, so pretty recent.
Ohh.
Was she older?
Yeah. She was in her forties.
What?
Oh.
I had told them I was quitting the company
to become a comedian,
and she said she'd throw me a farewell
party.
Ohh. So some people I was close with came,
and that office lady came too.
Ohh.
Everyone was drinking, and I'm not very
good with alcohol, but...
...I felt bad not drinking at my own
farewell party, so I had a little.
And pretty soon I was like, okay, I'm
done. Yeah.
I was already staggering, and then that
office lady asked if I was okay...
...since we were heading the same way
home.
Was she single?
No, she was married.
What?
And that was your first time?
Hold on, I'm getting drawn in here.
Suzuki's sex story is actually kind of good.
No, no, well, she was married, and she was
taking care of me... Yeah.
She was pressed up against me, so I could
feel it on my back. Oh.
Feel what?
Her boobs.
Her boobs were pressing into me.
And I was like, oh, sorry...
Right, right. Then she said, "Since it's
your last day, want me to give you a nice memory?"
Ohh.
Yeah.
We were drinking in Sendai, and there were
hotels nearby, so she was like, "Want to go?"
Wow, there's an actual drama arc to this.
So how did it start?
I really didn't know what to do at all...
I'd only ever seen it in manga and anime.
Right, since it was your first time.
So while I was fumbling around...
Yeah.
The boobs...
Right. And then it just naturally went all
the way to penetration?
Yeah, she basically guided me through
everything. Huh.
Kissing and, uh, anus and stuff...
Anus?
No, not anus, like, touching and stuff.
Oh, touching.
Touching and stuff. Why are you talking
like Korosuke all of a sudden?
"Anus and stuff"? Doesn't sound like the
first time he's told this story.
He talks like he's told this back home
plenty of times.
Honestly I stopped trying to spot the
virgin and just thought, "Lucky bastard."
Next, Yokochi's first-time story.
For me, it was in college, my junior year,
with a younger girl...
...from the light music club I was in.
So you were in a band club.
Yeah.
You did light music?
Maybe that made you popular.
I played drums.
Ohh.
Nice.
You were a drummer.
There was this thing where bands from
different years played for each other. Right, right.
Then we all went out for drinks after.
Ohh.
And I was still living with my parents.
Yeah.
She lived alone, so I went over to her
place.
We both liked movies and anime, so we
watched anime and stuff. Ohh.
And then I kind of made a move, but since
it was my first time...
...I didn't really know how to make a
move, so I kind of touched around here.
Right, right.
And she didn't pull away.
Ohh.
So I thought, okay, maybe this might
work...
...and I went a little farther.
A little farther.
Yeah, I took it that far.
Took it that far.
And when the anime ended, I told her I
wanted to go to the bed. You said that?
Yeah, I said it myself, and then...
...that younger girl wasn't a first-timer.
Right, right.
So she kind of guided me through it.
Ah.
And surprisingly, the first time I saw,
you know, that...
...when I saw it down there, I thought it
wasn't as cute as I'd imagined.
That feels kind of tacked on.
Did we really need that part?
So were the lights on, then?
Yeah, the lights were on.
So the lights were on.
Ah, okay.
People always say that, like how dark it
is the first time.
Then I, like, touched my thing and sort of
put it in.
We suddenly warped ahead there. He doesn't
understand the controls for this part.
That was a hard edit.
So how'd the second girl happen?
Wait, you said four, right?
Uh, yes.
How did the second one happen? For the
second one, I was working at a show pub.
Ohh. It was with a customer I met while
working there.
Ohh.
And, well, when you're at a show pub...
...things can get kind of weird.
Well, there's alcohol involved too.
Yeah, there was alcohol, and then this
customer...
...started asking me for kisses, and as a
comedian I felt like I couldn't turn her down.
Right, right.
So I went in for the kiss, and then the
senior guys were like, "Go, go!" Ohh.
They were like, "This is happening," so
after the second show...
...we went to a hotel together.
What was the third one like?
The third one. The third one was also a
girl from the show pub.
The fourth?
The fourth was also from the show pub.
You need to get out of the show pub, man.
But this is really true.
It's true.
Next is Shiraishi's first-time story.
It was last year.
When you were 38?
Yes.
Wait, and your number was two, right?
Yes. I'm at a different agency now, but
until last year I was at SMA. Ah, Sony.
Sony. At the afterparty for a live show at
Beach V...
Right, right.
In Senkawa.
Yeah.
At the theater.
Right.
With a senior comedian.
Huh?
A senior comedian?
A senior comedian.
It was like an afterparty after a live
show,
and after agency lives we always all go
drinking together.
Ohh. Since it was in Senkawa, it was a bit
far from there.
Since it was close to the last train, some
people started leaving. Right, right.
Yeah.
And by chance it ended up being just me
and, well, a female senior comedian from a duo.
What?
A senior comedian from Sony?
Yeah, that's right.
And, well...
If you're lying, that's a major crime.
You okay?
Just because this isn't on broadcast TV...
Well, she found out.
Found out you were a virgin? I'd actually
been hiding it for a long time.
There's no way you could hide that.
No way.
And then, when it came out, one of them
was like, wait...
...like that.
She thought it was funny.
Really?
Something like that, and in the heat of
being drunk she kept groping my lower stomach.
At Beach V?
At Beach V.
So not at Beach V the theater?
While everyone was drinking there?
People were still around, right?
No, they'd already gone home.
They'd gone home.
It was late, like after the last train.
Ah.
So as she kept feeling me up...
She was like, "Does it really react? Even
with me?" while doing that...
Well, yeah, that kind of gets you worked
up. So I reacted.
And then it just kind of flowed into,
well, you know, having sex.
Wait, you had sex at Beach V?
No, no, no.
In the theater?
Well, in the theater, but...
Kotoge would lose his mind if he heard
that. Of course it was underneath the stage.
No, no. We actually moved the audience
chairs out of the way properly.
Can you say the woman's comedian name?
Can you say it?
Uh, well, they'd already broken up as a
duo. Come on, if they broke up it's fine.
It was Appare Fujinkai.
I know them. They're the auntie duo.
Those two ladies.
Yeah.
Right.
Which one?
First it was Kinoshita-san.
First?
Yes.
And your number is two, so...
Oh, right, yeah, so...
You completed Appare Fujinkai?
No way, man.
Come on.
Maybe they broke up because of you.
When things first started with
Kinoshita-san,
Amano-san was off somewhere having a
cigarette or something.
Right.
Wait, Amano-san was there too?
She had stepped out, and then we lined up
chairs...
...and after Kinoshita-san and I did
stuff...
...then Amano-san...
Amano-san came back.
And Kinoshita-san had already gone home
satisfied. A little satisfied, anyway.
And Amano-san was like, "Now I'm getting
worked up."
So you did two in one day?
Yes.
You did two in one day all at once?
Yeah, yeah.
Even if you're gonna lie, couldn't you
have come up with a better lie?
There's nothing enviable about this at
all.
Next, Ohnogi's first-time story.
Okay, Ohnogi-kun.
Please.
Did it happen?
No, it did happen. She was older, about
four years older than me.
Ohnogi-kun, are you inside her right now?
Why do you sound like you're talking while thrusting?
That's just nerves.
Right.
I'm nervous.
She was older, about four years older, and
there was someone I liked. How old were you?
I was 30.
Four years ago.
Oh, four years ago.
Ohh.
And once in a while she'd ask me to go
shopping with her,
or be like, "Come see a movie with me,"
that kind of thing.
Yeah. And sometimes you have those moments
where you feel really lonely, right?
Like, "No, this is bad, I need to see
somebody."
I tried messaging her on LINE, like,
"Would it be okay if I called?"
And she replied, "If it's not a bother, I
can come over." Ohh.
Ohh.
Wow, and then...
My palms were sweaty.
Like crazy.
So she came over, and I was like, y-yes,
please come in. Right.
Yeah. And while we were talking, I was
like, I really like you...
Ah, so you confessed.
Yeah, I did.
Bold move.
And she said, "Okay, shall we go out?"
Oh, she said yes right there?
Yeah, she did.
And then it started with, "Can I hug you?"
I asked her.
And she was like, "Then... want to?"
Oh, she said yes?
She did, yeah.
And then?
Yeah.
And then, well...
We didn't really...
we kind of started taking clothes off...
Taking them off, having them taken off.
Ah.
Taking off, having them taken off.
No, I mean, she kind of undressed me...
Right.
Yeah.
Right. What do you call that? Did you say,
"Please take it off"?
No...
Man, I don't remember.
No, no, no.
That's weird, that's weird.
You've got nothing.
And your number is one.
One.
One, one.
There's no way you'd forget the details of
your one and only. Yeah.
No, taking off, while taking off, um...
It just sort of happened naturally...
It just happened naturally.
Yes.
Right.
And then, well, yes.
So what happened first?
We kissed.
Right.
Yeah.
Then, well, she let me touch her breasts,
and...
And I also lightly, you know, on the
breasts... not lick, exactly...
Oh.
So you did lick them.
And then, well...
down...
Well, we got undressed...
yeah.
Right. And then, let's do it. But
actually, that day...
...we didn't have a condom, so we didn't
do it. Sorry. Wait, what?
What? What? What?
Isn't that fraud?
Sorry, after that. A week later.
Don't add weirdly realistic details.
Right, right, right. Wait, what do you
mean? You didn't do it that time?
We didn't have a condom.
That's the right call.
No, no, no.
What the hell.
So you did it another day? Yeah, another
day. We were properly dating, so...
Right.
Weirdly believable.
It really did have that weird realism.
You're too good at this.
Huh?
It did feel weirdly real.
Why? Why didn't you do it?
After I graduated college, I was, um...
...already working, so I was 22 or 23, 22.
I really liked drinking, so I'd go out in
bar districts and drink.
So there were standing bars and places
like that,
and at places like that you end up getting
friendly with the regulars. Yeah.
So one time while I was drinking there, a
female customer showed up, and...
...we were all chatting and drinking
together in the bar.
It was the first time we'd met, but then
she was like...
"A group of guys and girls are going to
drink at another place, wanna come?"
Right.
So she said that,
and I was like, sure, if that's okay,
and then I went to that place with them.
We drank there, and...
the woman who invited me, well, as
everyone kept drinking...
...she started getting really touchy with
me. Oh.
Seriously?
Yeah, really.
Oh.
And then...
...the touching kept getting more and more
obvious.
And when it was time to split up...
Yeah.
...she was like, "Wanna come to my place?"
That's where it went, and I was like,
yeah, sure.
So I went straight to her place, and we
just did it.
No, no, no.
Wait, that was your first time, right?
Yes.
What exactly... what was the sequence?
That's the part we want to hear.
Well...
After we got into her room,
we drank some water,
and she...
Water?
Water.
Just to settle down a little.
Then she lay down on the bed first.
Yeah.
She was lying on her back, and I kind of
got on top of her...
Got on top of her, then kissed her...
Huh?
Then I touched her breasts,
then down there,
and then we had sex.
That was your first time?
Bold move, climbing right on top of her.
Yeah.
My sex drive just won out.
So I didn't really think too much about
it. Wait, why?
I just did it.
That's what I'm saying.
What about number two? Number two was also
someone I met at a bar.
This guy, once he finds one thing that
works... That's his whole business.
Once he finds one pattern, he uses it for
all of them. Seven is rough.
Number two was a bar too.
Yes.
Number two was also at a bar,
and then, well...
At first...
um...
I was drinking alone at the place where
we'd done that mixed-group drinking before, and then again...
No way.
It's like an oasis for him.
An izakaya.
She invited me out for a drink.
"If you're free, wanna grab a drink?"
Well, yeah.
Tell us about number seven. Number seven.
The last one.
Number seven was a girl I got introduced
to by an acquaintance.
How many years ago was that?
Well...
Let's see.
About half a year ago.
And then? Half a year ago? So I got
introduced, and then we went on a date...
And then we went straight to a love hotel.
No way.
Wow, this is getting kind of plausible
now.
Quite a bit.
So...
Kuritani-san, can I jump in?
This is way too fake.
Seriously.
The main thing feels way too fake.
Oh, really?
Virgins always...
...want to say the girl did everything to
them.
But that's not how it really goes.
You have to...
Hey, you, stop crossing your legs.
Virgin.
You haven't been cleared as a non-virgin
yet. Stop crossing your legs.
So first of all,
make a move yourself.
You keep turning it back on other people.
I want to hear your story.
There was this ABEMA show called New
York's Love Market,
and on that show I was on a project to get
a girlfriend through a dating app.
I appeared on it.
And on there I was using the name Kakaroni
Kuritani on the dating app.
That project kind of...
didn't really go anywhere,
I mean, the dates didn't go well, so it
ended halfway through.
I was frustrated, so I kept using
"Kakaroni Kuritani" on it.
The whole time.
Right, right.
And I actually got a fair bit of interest,
like from fangirls and so on. Sure, sure.
I got catfished and pranked plenty too,
but this April...
Oh, recently.
This April?
Yes.
Yeah.
I met someone.
Oh?
Yes.
And...
She was a bank employee, a woman.
Right.
And she laughed a lot at my jokes.
Well, sure, she'd seen you on TV too.
And I thought, wow, I really like this
girl. Then...
We moved to an izakaya after that,
which had never happened to me before,
getting a second venue.
Right, right.
So we went to the second izakaya, talked
for about three hours, and then I went home.
Right.
Then we met a second time, and I thought
about where to go...
I was serious, so I invited her to an
aquarium.
Oh, a date. And at the aquarium she looked
like she was really having fun.
I thought, maybe...
maybe I can actually date this girl.
Ahh, I see.
I thought that.
Right. And that day, I didn't do anything,
but the third time we met...
I took her to an Italian place in Ebisu.
Fancy.
And there I confessed... You properly
said, "Please go out with me"?
Yes.
I did.
And...
she said yes.
Ohh.
And after that...
Right.
...we went to a hotel.
That same day?
Yeah.
From there, seriously...
We went out for about two months.
I really liked her, so...
I don't really want to talk about it.
What are you talking about?
Then just leave.
Sure, if it's fake you can rattle it off.
But everyone here is talking about
memories that matter. Can you really talk about the sex you had with a woman you loved?
No, no, of course I can.
I can talk about my first time.
But you're already broken up with her,
right? We broke up.
If you're broken up, then you can talk,
can't you? That was only three months ago.
That's what I'm saying.
Right.
Even so...
you can do it?
Tell us.
What was it like?
Well, first I drank some water.
He's prepared this.
He's prepared it.
Virgins always drink water.
You drink water?
No, no, no.
I mean for your first time.
I thought, okay, I'd better drink some
water, so I drank water. Then...
I sat on the bed,
and for like 30 minutes I couldn't move.
That's honestly kind of realistic.
Yeah.
Then I was like, okay, I'm gonna go take a
bath first.
None of the earlier stories had a bath,
though. Yeah.
Ah. Then I thought, screw it, maybe I'll
just act goofy.
I went, "Haa!"
Oh.
And then she went, "Haa!" too.
She did.
I thought that was cute.
Then I hugged her.
I hugged her, yeah.
And then... what happened after that?
Uh-oh. He already got an improv prompt
just from hugging.
Ah.
After that, I was just so turned on,
my memory is honestly all in scattered
pieces.
Come on, you'd at least remember what you
did. So can I just do it in fragments?
No way.
Were you in an accident?
In fragments.
Did you hit your head?
The flow, I mean... yeah, it was genuinely
like a shock to the head.
So in fragments, like... "Ahh."
What was that just now?
Ahh. It's fragmentary memories, like
flashbacks.
I'm showing you disconnected images.
Like, "Ahh."
That's all that's left on the negative in
my mind. Yeah.
Like, "Oh right, we did that."
Ahh.
What kind of face was the girl making?
What kind of face?
Ahh.
That's it, that's it.
I don't care. Would a girl really make
that face in that situation?
While you were inside her?
Ahh.
What position did you finish in?
At the end?
Cowgirl.
You made it all the way to cowgirl?
Yeah.
You got that far.
In cowgirl, she was moving so hard my head
was shaking like this, and she was like... She was like...
Yeah, yeah. So you were holding your own
head like this while she rode you?
Like so my brain wouldn't rattle around.
Do you remember what positions you did before that?
Before that... let's see.
Side-entry from behind.
Side-entry from behind on your first time?
Can you even pull that off your first time?
Didn't it slip out?
No, it didn't.
You mean lying on your side from behind?
Does it slip out a lot for people?
Like, does it come out?
No, it didn't slip out.
Nope, it didn't.
My first time was when I was 21.
Oh, six years ago.
It was with a girl I knew from work before
I became a comedian. She was my age.
We joined as new employees at the same
time. So this was your salaryman days.
Yeah, I was a salaryman, at a food
factory. Ah.
We started together there, and that's how
we got close.
We ended up on the same shift, so we'd
talk between tasks and got closer that way.
And then we naturally got to the point
where we'd hang out in private too.
Ohh.
Then one time it was her birthday.
So I told her I'd celebrate it and invited
her over. And she came.
I bought booze and a bunch of other stuff,
kind of like a party setup...
...and we were drinking like, happy
birthday.
And of course once we were drinking, the
mood started rising a bit.
Then we ran out of alcohol.
So I had a game at home, and I said the
loser had to go buy beer from the nearby convenience store.
Go buy some beer at the convenience store.
Like that.
That's fun.
And I lost, so I went and bought it.
And when I came back, she had kind of
found the porn magazines I'd hidden under the bed...
...and was looking at them.
So she found them.
Yeah, she found them. She was like, "Oh,
so this is what you're into?"
I've seen that exact setup in porn.
For sure.
Like the stepmom series or something.
The kind where it gets sexual from there.
Or the friend's older sister series.
Yeah, exactly.
And then, well, it just turned into that.
Wait, how old were you again?
I was 21 then.
Twenty-one. Were you already balding then?
It was getting thin, yeah.
What position did you finish in?
At the end, just normal.
Normal...
Missionary.
Yes.
And did you finish inside her?
No, I was scared, so outside.
I was scared, so outside.
Yeah, I used a condom.
A condom.
And basically I was worried something
might happen. Ah.
So...
I chickened out there.
You're pretty calm in that moment,
actually. Yeah.
How long were you actually inside her?
Probably about five minutes.
Ah.
About that long.
Kuritani-san, what do you think?
No way it lasts five minutes. Look at him,
he's got way too many details left.
Fragments of memory.
That was probably...
...under three minutes.
Then you remember the whole thing.
So with that, only one of them is real.
And those were the eight first-time stories.
Looks like it's about time, so...
All right, all right.
At this point, each of us picks one
virgin... I see.
...and we start eliminating them. Right,
right. So one of them is definitely a virgin.
Right, right.
Ah.
What do you think, Bukuro-san?
Honestly, the thing is...
...after hearing stories like these, you
can't tell the same lie twice.
Right.
You know, Sasaki.
I like Sasaki.
Yeah.
Sasaki, where did you say it happened?
Uh...
At Karaoke Kan. You, you... this guy is
absolutely a virgin.
No, it's just...
I've made up my mind about him.
Right. The ones that felt real were people
like Suzuki.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Right? This part is scary.
Yeah.
And Yokochi also had a kind of realism to
him. Right, right.
Like the feel of a real first time.
Yeah.
You should play it safe on the first
round. If we're playing it safe, it's overwhelmingly Shiraishi.
No way. A senior female comedian? There's
no way.
So first, Higashibukuro names the virgin.
I'm confident about this one.
Ah.
Uh...
Sasaki-kun.
Yes.
You are a virgin.
Yes, I...
I'm a virgin.
A virgin.
That was a virgin-style reveal.
Sure was.
What even was that story?
How much of that story was real?
None of it, all fake.
Wait a second.
All fake.
It was all fake.
Then why set it in eighth grade?
And with a seventh grader too.
Yeah.
No way that was believable.
My mind just went blank.
And you were first up too.
Yeah.
Ah.
So what about now? Did you have a
girlfriend?
Well, for four years I had this girl who
was... maybe my girlfriend, maybe not...
...we were all lovey-dovey the whole time,
but I still never lost my virginity.
How far did you get?
We only held hands.
Lovey-dovey?
We even went on two trips together.
What?
Overnight?
Yeah, overnight.
In the same room?
Yes.
What?
What? Even so? Why didn't you build your
fake story off that?
You absolutely should've based it on that.
Yeah, you're right.
Next, Morita's virgin pick.
Uh, Shiraishi-kun.
You are...
a virgin.
I...
I'm a virgin.
Apologize.
Hey.
First off, why did you decide on two?
Because too many people were saying one.
Ah, right, right.
So I thought I'd go with two.
And you went with two.
And I figured they'd ask why,
so I thought I'd need to imagine two
actual people.
Imagine two women?
You haven't even met that many women.
Exactly.
I've never even held hands.
And then somehow Appare Fujinkai just came
to mind.
I just couldn't get them out of my head.
All right, then.
Shall we move on to more questions?
Okay, has everyone here used a condom
before? A condom.
Yes. Okay, there's a brand-new condom on
the shelf.
Right.
Yes.
Could you show us how you'd put it on?
Like, what scenario should we imagine?
No, no, that's fine. Just do it however
you normally would. Just the timing.
Okay.
Uh, right, any way is fine.
Okay, the rest of you shouldn't watch
this, so turn around.
And stop making that face like, "Why can't
I watch?"
If they see it, it'll become a reference
for them. Right.
Okay, then I'll lie down.
Right.
So, well, you've got it out, right?
So you take it out a bit.
Yours isn't that big, man.
Yeah.
Then you sort of roll it around down near
the base. Yeah.
You do it carefully so hair doesn't get
caught. Right, right. Okay, got it.
So it's about the way you put it on.
Yeah.
Right.
And then...
...you do that...
And then, well...
and then...
Ohh.
And then I'd be, you know, up here,
kissing her from above while touching her...
Yeah. Then since it's right here, you grab
it like this.
Grab it.
And then...
From the box,
from the box you take it out...
Yeah.
Then put it here and do it like this.
Basically while still kissing her...
Ah.
Then this part, just kind of...
What are you doing?
Huh? Like balloon art?
Street performance?
What are you doing?
I'm not stretching it, I mean...
You stretch it?
What are you stretching there?
Yeah.
Well, you stretch it a little so it goes
on easier.
Huh? Like when you stretch out one of
those balloon sticks?
No, not that much. Just stretch the long
way a little. Ah, so you stretch it lengthwise.
Yeah, right, you stretch it...
stretch it...
Then you just sort of...
Yeah.
...bring it down to the base like this, a
lot of it... with your hand...
Like this.
Then, um...
That's suspicious.
So he doesn't actually know that part.
Right, right.
Next up...
Out of all the sex you've had, which was
the most exciting? Well, Suzuki only has the one...
Right, he only has that one.
That's fine, go ahead.
What about you, Yokochi? For me, on the
way back from the show pub... outside...
Which girl was that?
That one?
I think that was the third one.
The third one...
With that third girl, there was a park
nearby, and outside there...
...there was a restroom, and in the
restroom we did a little bit. What?
Just a little.
We didn't actually have sex then, but...
Doing it outside felt really different
from normal, and that was exciting. Ah.
Here we go, Ohnogi-kun.
Yes.
Ah...
Well...
There is one that stands out as the best,
but I don't remember exactly when it was...
What do you mean when? Didn't you only
have one? No, we were dating, so...
Oh, so you did it a few times after that.
How many times did you have sex after that?
Not that many, really.
Maybe... over two years...
Two years.
You dated for two years?
Yes.
Ah.
And out of those, the most exciting one...
Right, there should be various ones.
Sex.
Yeah.
Right.
Which one was best?
Which one, which one?
Yeah.
You did it 80 times, right?
Huh?
Didn't you do it 80 times?
I don't know, but... yeah.
You.
What situation was best?
Yeah.
Um...
So the situation was... at my place...
Ohnogi.
Yes.
Pull yourself together.
Sorry.
You're not a virgin, right?
I'm not a virgin.
Then say it properly.
I'll say it properly.
Um...
Yes.
The best was when we got back from
shopping and did it on impulse at my place. Ohh.
Virgin.
No, I still can't read this guy.
Nothing comes out of him.
What about you, Ginmugi-kun?
Mine kind of overlaps with that, but,
well...
Right when I met the sixth one...
Yeah.
On the way home, there was a park.
Yeah. And I thought maybe we could do
something here...
Yeah.
That kind of mood happened.
Then there was one of those weird
ball-like playground things... Ah, yeah.
She sat on it, straddling it, while still
fully clothed. Ah.
Still clothed, she kind of sat on it like
this.
We didn't actually do it in the end, but
that got me really worked up,
so the sex afterward was pretty exciting.
Yeah, well...
Ah.
Ginmugi's got seven, after all.
Let's go to Kuritani.
Yes.
Mine was yesterday, actually.
Yesterday? Yesterday?
Respect, man.
I had sex yesterday,
yeah.
With your girlfriend?
Must be.
Yeah.
Well, no, different girl now.
He broke up with the first girlfriend.
He's at two total, remember. Yeah, this was the second girl.
Ohh.
And this job...
...wasn't decided as of yesterday.
Come on, if it wasn't decided, they
wouldn't have brought you in. Of course it was decided.
The staff weren't desperately searching
for a guy who'd had sex most recently. True enough.
No, seriously, it wasn't decided
yesterday. It wasn't?
It wasn't decided yet, and then...
um, at Botang...
...I was having sex in a love hotel.
Ohh.
And in the middle of sex, my manager
called. Did you answer it?
And I was like, what, what?
That's some Golgo-style shit.
Like, what?
Golgo 13.
A job offer came in.
What, Golgo got one too?
Oh. He asked, "Are you free right now?"
and I went, "Yeah, I'm good," while still doing this.
This guy is seriously...
No, no...
Then he asked, "What kind of job is it?"
Oh.
And they said it'd be some kind of job
with virgins.
And they told him, "Kuritani-san, you've
been cast as the one who's not a virgin." Oh.
He's still going. The peak was when he
said, "Am I doing a job with virgins?"
Why the hell didn't I pick this guy,
Shiraishi? Enough already.
Enough already.
Last one, Horita-kun.
Um, it was with the second girl, a junior
from high school. Ohh.
That girl, I think.
Yeah.
She lived back in my hometown, but we ran
into each other in Tokyo.
We went drinking, the mood got good, and
we went to a love hotel. Ah.
We did it at night,
then just went to sleep.
We slept, and then the next morning was
the best part. Ohh.
Usually it's always at night, right?
Yeah.
But doing it in the morning had a totally
different atmosphere. Ah.
And that was just...
so...
...so good.
Kuritani, stop nodding along.
No, we're talking about Horita right now.
You don't have that story.
When I said "last night," I meant it was
early morning by then. Whatever.
Oh, that's what you meant?
Would your manager even call at dawn?
Right?
And then I came twice.
Twice? You came twice that morning?
Yeah.
Ah.
There is a certain realism to that.
I'm starting not to know anymore.
At this point...
Yeah, at this point... I honestly feel
like we may just have to drop Kuritani.
Well, that's the safe play, isn't it?
From that last question, Horita felt the
most real in terms of what got him excited.
And Ginmugi and Yokochi both used that
easy "outside" angle...
...which feels like a way to bluff your
way through.
Yeah.
I still think zazen Yokochi is suspicious.
Like he might actually be a virgin.
Yeah, I think Yokochi's suspicious too.
Ginmugi's pretty suspicious too.
Yeah, definitely.
He's too vague. Last time I saw him, even
his sock length screamed virgin.
Yeah, true.
That whole vibe.
And him saying girls come up and ask him
out for drinks... Does that really happen?
Not really.
Not to someone this hairy.
Makes you wonder if anyone really wants to
go drinking with Ginmugi. Yeah.
I think Ginmugi's suspicious.
Though he did say seven.
Exactly, seven is still a big lie to sell.
Yeah, true.
And so it's time for the second-round
virgin picks. All right, Bukuro first.
Okay.
Then, Yokochi-kun.
Yes.
You are...
...a virgin.
I am...
Yeah, figures.
Yeah, that's right.
Why did you even say four?
I decided to go on the offensive.
Because everyone else was saying one.
Since they all said one, I figured maybe a
slightly higher number would feel more real.
Right, right.
So how much of it was real?
Yokochi, sit down.
Yes.
Well, the light music club part was true.
That's way too early in the story.
Only the light music club part?
Yeah, just that.
How far have you actually gotten? At a
soapland, I got my dick touched a little.
The woman on line four.
She only touched your dick a little?
That's all.
So you've never even held hands?
Well, in elementary school I...
No, no, no.
That's such a virgin thing to count.
Exactly, counting that is peak virgin.
It really is.
As for me...
uh...
Well, yeah.
You did well, Kuritani.
No, no, no.
What, what, what?
You did well making it this far.
You gave us a lot of material.
No, no, no, no.
It's fine, it's fine.
Kuritani-san.
Uh...
You are...
a virgin.
I am...
well, yeah, obviously.
...a virgin.
Told you.
Ah, so you still are after all.
Honestly, you were the most suspicious to
me. Yeah.
I even thought maybe you'd quietly lost it
somewhere. You never said anything.
I mean, you've been on TV so much, I
thought maybe...
But the more I listened, the more
obviously virgin you sounded.
Still the same as ever.
I really don't get it. I'm the only one
who got thrown in here with no audition or anything.
Elite virgin.
Honors-track virgin.
I don't even know what I'm supposed to do.
Yeah, yeah.
So what was that bank employee story then?
The bank employee was...
We went on four dates.
Oh, so that part was real.
The aquarium part was real too?
Yeah, I really went.
And then...
I confessed...
Ohh.
And then...
I said, "I like you, please go out with
me," and she said... Oh...
"If you're okay with me being married."
What?!
Whoa!
So that's what it was.
Ohh.
You didn't know that?
No. And then I blurted out, "I'm okay with
you being married."
Right, right.
Wait, you actually said that?
Yeah, I did.
Then what happened?
I said it,
and we just hugged...
Ohh.
And then...
She told me to calm down for a second.
Ah.
She was like, "Wait, are you sure you're
really okay with me?"
Then she said, "I'm going home for now.
Calm down and give me your answer tomorrow."
Then she went home, and there at Shibuya
Station, right in the middle of it...
...I just sat down on the ground and
started bawling. Yeah, that tracks.
Because you thought you were actually
going out. That's how the woman cries in those stories.
Sitting down and bawling in the street.
Yeah.
Man, this really is getting tough.
It's hard.
Seriously. The fact that Ohnogi's still
here is what gets me.
You know, in Kaiji there's always a guy
like this who survives.
He really does.
He hangs on pretty late in the game.
Unexpectedly tough.
Yeah.
Round three.
Yes.
Ah.
Uh...
Okay, everyone...
for missionary...
Could you show us your thrusting?
And who's the partner?
Who should be the partner?
Should one of us do it, or...
Maybe Sasaki-kun.
Yeah, let's use Sasaki.
Oh, okay then, Sasaki.
Yes.
Sorry.
Excuse me.
The thing with Suzuki is, he still has
that lifeline of saying just one.
Ah.
Okay.
So let's see the thrusting.
In other words, show us...
your missionary thrusting.
Please.
Okay then, excuse me, I'm putting it in.
Yes.
I'm putting it in.
Ah.
Yeah.
Okay, okay, okay.
Ah.
So that's what it looks like.
Awkward, but...
Ah.
Are you okay?
Could you show us right before you climax?
Right before? Ah.
Ah.
Hey, shut up.
Sasaki-san.
Isn't that just what you do in missionary?
We don't need you.
Experience.
So you had your own thing going on too.
For your first time, in missionary.
Yeah, I kind of did, sorry.
Yeah, I did, sorry, sorry.
Hey, shut up.
This is the guy I find most suspicious.
Yeah.
Okay, lift it a bit.
Ah.
Well, he said seven.
But kind of like this...
I see, I see.
Ah.
I see.
Ohh.
Wow.
He's got incredible range of motion.
Ah, but...
Ah.
This is wild.
When you're about to come, right before
you come. Right before. Ah.
Ah, there it is.
Sasaki, what do you think?
Sasaki.
Ah.
Don't need that.
Don't need you.
Ah.
This is...
This is pretty suspicious.
Ah, in that sense.
Closer to a werewolf.
Than experienced.
Ah.
Huh?
Ah, pretty hard.
You're really folding in on yourself.
That type, huh.
That type.
From there?
Can you go from there?
Incredible, man.
What is this? What is this?
Missionary?
This is missionary, right?
Isn't this the real missionary?
Oh, is it?
All right, got it, got it.
Man...
Well, he did say twelve.
That's why he's twelve.
Okay, can you show us how you switch
positions?
Show us how you change from missionary to
another position. Your usual flow.
You pull out first,
then tell her to turn around.
Have her turn around.
Ah.
Then have her stand a bit.
On all fours?
Yeah, on all fours.
Ah.
Have her get on all fours.
Then from this position...
Ah.
Then kind of like this...
You hold the shoulders?
That's where you hold?
Pretty rough.
Though...
That's rough, Horita.
That's why it feels off.
Like this.
Okay, please.
Oh, no.
Please.
Ohh.
Hey.
Wait, what is that?
Is that really your move?
Is that really it?
Ohnogi.
Are you sure that's the one?
No way.
Well, it exists, but that's missionary.
Ohnogi.
I don't know the names of positions.
You don't know the names.
You always do this one?
What about your hips? How do your hips
move? Your hips.
Is it even in?
Yeah, it's in, it's in.
It's in, it's in. Right before you finish,
like, okay, you're almost there...
When you're about to come, what does it
look like? Ah.
I see.
Ohnogi, that wasn't missionary at all.
That.
That was probably one of the forty-eight
techniques. That wasn't missionary, Ohnogi.
Okay, I've pretty much decided.
No, I mean...
That's the thing with Ohnogi.
After seeing that thrusting, it's pretty
hard to believe he's not a virgin.
At this point, Ohnogi's the only safe pick
left, more or less.
I did wonder if Suzuki was lying though.
True.
It also felt like he was trying to make
the whole thing work just by saying "one," without much else coming out.
Exactly. And even that thrusting looked
kind of awkward.
Ah.
Then...
Ohnogi-kun.
You are a virgin.
I am, uh...
...a virgin. A virgin.
He's a virgin.
Thank God, thank God.
Ohh. So how much of that was true, and how
much was fake?
None of it.
Even the girl coming over because you
called? Nope.
Then why'd you say 80 times?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, because I'd already said we were
dating. Right.
So you piled lies on top of lies.
I did.
Then...
Suzuki-kun.
Yes.
You are...
a virgin.
I am...
...a virgin.
I am.
Oh man, that was close.
That was close.
You were so confident too.
You looked so relaxed.
Exactly.
That "just once" thing felt really real.
So where did this come from? What part was
the lie? Well, they really did throw me a farewell party...
...but I went home alone properly.
Nothing happened.
Was there at least a married woman you
based it on?
The day before this audition, I happened
to watch a porn video with that setup. That happens.
That influenced me, and I figured at least
I had the imagery in my head.
Man, it really did feel real, though.
Yeah.
So we're down to these two.
Ah.
We've finally made it this far.
But the thing is, it's the seven and the
twelve who are left. Yeah.
Right, so one of those two is actually the
real one. Exactly.
Yes.
Ah.
That's the issue.
How do we narrow it down?
Right.
Yeah.
You two probably lick ass, right?
Could you show us how you'd lick ass?
W-what? Uh...
No, I don't lick ass.
Oh, you don't?
Wait, Ginmugi doesn't?
I don't.
Ass?
Yes.
Huh?
What about you, Horita?
I don't really lick ass either.
Neither of them took the bait.
Wow, you saw right through the trap. Like,
"I've never even seen porn like that."
For the record, I do lick ass though.
Yeah, I do.
Well, sure, there are guys like that.
Hmm.
Ah, I see.
Can you tell us your favorite position?
At the end of the day, I like missionary
best. Right, right, right, right.
Yeah. The one that feels best is
side-entry from behind.
Side-entry from behind.
That's the one that feels best.
Yeah.
What about you, Horita-kun?
Uh...
I like doing it while holding her, so I'd
say face-to-face sitting.
Like sitting together face to face and
moving your hips like that. Ah, ah, ah.
Face-to-face sitting is best.
Yeah, I love it.
What exactly is so good about that
position?
The fact that you're holding her, and kind
of have that sense of control...
Ahh, I see, I see.
The closeness, right.
I love that feeling of closeness.
Ah.
Sorry, could you show us fingering for a
second?
Okay, should Horita-kun go first?
Which one goes?
All right, let's start with Horita.
Ginmugi, turn around.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay, so let's say the woman is lying
down. Right, then...
Well, like this,
you go here like this...
First, the surface.
The surface.
First, you start there and tease it,
caress it. Right. Yeah.
Then little by little...
that part where it's like this...
Just a little, a little, like this...
You're talking quieter than post-sex pillow talk.
Like this, then gradually once it's
ready... Yeah.
Then, like this, a little, a little...
Yeah.
Like this...
Ohh.
Then you put it in.
Ohh, ohh.
Then kind of like this...
like this...
Up top, you work the upper part like
this... Right, right, right.
Something like that.
Oh, so you target that spot?
Yeah, yeah.
Ahh, I see.
That's how I do it.
One finger?
At first?
Yeah, at first.
Then once it gets going, I add one more
finger, make it two, and that's basically it.
Huh.
Huh, huh, huh, huh.
Okay then.
Got it.
Okay, Ginmugi. So, imagine the girl is
here, and it'd be like this...
You touch her a bit,
yeah.
Then you go a little deeper with it.
Ohh.
You don't do much more than that?
Not really.
Huh? You don't finger much?
Not much. Once she's wet enough, I just...
Yeah.
Kind of...
...go straight to penetration.
Huh.
Well, there are people like that.
Makes me think Horita...
...might be the werewolf after all.
So Ginmugi's getting more suspicious...
...to me now.
Kind of.
Yeah.
I think Horita's the virgin.
Ah.
And Ginmugi's the experienced one.
So you're split.
Ah.
Ah, I see.
This is really the last five minutes.
Yeah. What about you two, have you ever
made a girl squirt?
No.
Not that much.
Ah.
Have you ever seen a girl climax?
No.
Do you use toys?
I don't use toys.
You don't use toys.
What are these guys?
This is insanely hard.
What?
All right then...
Horita-kun.
You are a virgin.
Then, Ginmugi-san...
You're the one
who's a virgin.
The two of them disagreed, but which one
was the virgin and which one had experience?
Now then.
I am...
Whoa, what is it?
Huh?
Oh?
Well?
Which one's the virgin?
Which one?
Well?
Oh?
I'm a virgin.
Aaaah!
Yes!
He really has done it!
Aaaah!
It's Ginmugi.
My seven is actually real.
All of it.
I really do get invited.
I actually do get invited out pretty
often. What?
At bars?
At bars and places like that.
Man, that was the part that seemed
suspicious too. Yeah.
Ah. Wait, why do you suddenly look like a
virgin now?
You're right.
Hey, that look suits you best.
All of a sudden.
You've got this look of envy in your eyes.
Man, he really threw us off.
Still, it did feel like you had some
knowledge, at least.
Yeah, I studied like crazy for this.
Ah.
On OpenPod, just for this.
I see.
Ah.
Which question was the roughest?
Definitely when they asked if I could show
missionary on the bed.
The practical part was rough. In the
middle of doing it, you realized, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Missionary.
Yeah.
Right.
You realized, this isn't right.
Yeah, that's not it.
Right, that's not it.
And what about the condom part?
I didn't know that either, so I just
thought, I guess it'd be something like this...
And then stretching it...
I handled it like a balloon.
Yeah, that's where it got dangerous.
So, with that, the winner of Virgin
Werewolf is Bukuro. Yes!
The worst.
Man, that was close.
Yeah.
Brought them all in...
Ah, all lined up.
All the ones who got turned over.
Wait, who's the applause even for?
But seriously...
Once you know the truth, they're just the
Virgin Avengers. That's all they are.
Ah.
Yeah, once you know.
Still, though...
Honestly, the enviable part is that they
still get to have those experiences from here on. That's true.
Jealous, honestly. I want to do this again
with the same group, minus Ginmugi.
No, no, no, like two or three years from
now. And do it again.
I'd love to get this exact same group back
together. We won't know how many werewolves there'll be by then.
True, that's right.
The traitors...
They might have to become a separate role
called traitors by then.